well I'm just making a basic thread base
nothing important just to cover it so
the material sticks and the epoxy has
something to stick to
Mack writes about the bend of the hook I
wanted to hang over a little bit off the
back end so I'm gonna trim it back trim
the back end a little bit like a bug a
little bit of a base see I guess it'll
help it stick and not twist if I don't
stick my fingers
segmentation try to make them even it's
good for us to fish probably don't care
and then this front part gets all tied
down so you get that
do your hair for the wind and only I
would have a ruler so you measure lay
from here to here to here
but I'm just gonna kind of eyeball it so
that would be from the end and that
would be about the wing size so I'm
gonna hold that and trim off the back
end the thread to the middle
the buttons right up against the segment
just want to cover this with your thread
so tie it down he's found the top so it
doesn't so it's tall black on the bottom
keep it on the top
even on both sides
and I'm gonna take some of this
Edgerton pieces the crystal flash and
just kind of put it on the top here that
buried underneath the wing for
aesthetics and for color like the light
shining through the wing
just past
take this and fold it over the top since
you down to hard so I sent you down too
hard it'll flare it too much and I want
to bend it around so it's even all the
way around like that forward a little
bit now cinch it so I got a nice flat
platform to put the legs on
look
Thanks
just forever blades you can use either
solid black you can mix up your colors
you know if they're bugs are a little
bit more of us sometimes they're a
little bit more Brown you could you know
maybe to a black and an orange leg on
there or black in the lol a two
different color depending on the color
of the bug and then I'm just going to
put one on one on one side pull it up
through the red that kind of basically
how I want it do a couple of wraps and
flip it over so I can do the other side
about the same way the other one
then the mid-body so they're sitting the
water
and
more raps to cover that up and work
finish it so that'll cover the rest of
it
five wraps is good just cinch it down
because you're going to put we're going
to take a little bit more epoxy seal it
down so it's up there and one on the
bottom kind of hold it there
is twisted a little bit so when you
straighten it out
the legs
one cicada